Xuanwu City is the richest and top
Last year's GDP exceeded 50 trillion Xuanwu City
Damn it, it's mine, this dowry turns out to be a city
And it is also the world-famous Xuanwu City
This Aolong Group is limited again.
You are not worthy to be discussed with Xuanwu Chengjiang
Hit me to take back the solitude I was in a panic just now
The first dowry of the ages
It must be a Xuanwu City
And no one came later
There are really people outside the world
Smoked ghosts are still better than people in front of their son-in-law's dowry
If this Chen Bufan gets Xuanwu City
This is a veritable step to the sky
What is the head of the Chen family?
Even Zhong Shanhou's title was eclipsed
That's impossible.
This is your brother's dowry
How can it be possible to quit
And this is Xuanwu City
No matter how generous your brother is, he will never lend his dowry to others
I need a reasonable explanation to get together
Your brain is broken.
He can dispose of the dowry given by his younger brother as he wants
Do you want to explain it to you?
Come on, I'll ask you if you're convinced or not